Gold miner, also called gold rush game, is a casual classic game that made you addicted when you play.

Gold, diamonds, and dynamite? That's right, you're a goldminer and it's your job to mine as much gold as you can and come out with the most money. Are you ready? Time to goldrush!

This Gold miner , the gold rush game, is exactly the same as the available online version! klasik classic classic game are always the best! old school super classical gold digger game

GAMEPLAY:
Utilize your claw and reel to mine gold and different fortunes out of the earth. Your claw will swing forward and backward. Tap screen to lower it. When it has grabbed something it will reel it up. Overwhelming items like rocks and huge pieces of gold will be harder to reel up. Get bags contain arbitrary amounts of cash, a strength power-up, or a stick of dynamite. Between levels you can purchase things that can help you. 

Mouse, stone, skull, bone are relentless obstacles against you to dig and grab. Gold price, diamond price, stone price and other items price are waiting you discovery

Gather the objective amount of money before the end of the level. On the off chance that you don't meet your objective before the end of the level it's game over. Your cash continues starting with one level then onto the next. 

On the off chance that you inadvertently explode everything on a level or you simply have a craving for going on, you can press the “Next Level” button. In the event that you haven't met your level objective it will be gameover.

Shop contains many worthy items: 
 - Dynamite: After you grabbed onto something with your claw, touch dynamite area to throw a piece of dynamite at it and blow it up
 - Strength Drink: The miner will reel up objects a little faster on the next level. The drink only lasts for one level
- Lucky Clover: This will increase the chances of getting something good out of the grab bags on the next level. This is only good for one level
- Rock Collector book: Rocks will be worth three times as much money on the next level. This is only good for one level.
- Diamond Polish: During the next level diamonds will be worth more money. Only good for one level

FEATURES:
+ Addictive gameplay, feel gold rush
+ 30 unique levels but playing endlessly to get a high score
+ Classic graphics for classic game with a friendly user interface 
+ Dynamic sound and music
+ Tons of achievements
+ Global leaderboard
+ Supports 26 languages
+ Spin the lucky wheel, slot machine to get a reward
+ Daily rewards
+ 6 cool miner characters

SENSPARK Game Studio is the studio behind the success of the top download casual classic games: Shoot Dinosaur Egg, Line 98, Vietnam Poker ...